NMS-14216: Encrypt Postgres credentials (#4885)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/core/getting-started.adoc

endif::[]
====

> == Encrypting database credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Encrypt database credentials
```

> It is also possible to store the PostgreSQL credentials in the Secure Credentials Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to store the PostgreSQL credentials in the secure credentials vault.
```
Why is this important? Are there any considerations that users should be aware of if they store PostgreSQL credentials in the SCV?

> In order to achieve this you need to add the credentials by using the `scvcli` command line utility and reference these credentials in your `opennms-datasources.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this, use the `scvcli` command line utility to add the credentials, and reference these credentials in your `opennms-datasources.xml` file.
```

> .Create encrypted credentials for the PostgreSQL database connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Create encrypted credentials for the PostgreSQL database connections:
```

[source, console]
----
./bin/scvcli set postgres opennms opennms-password
./bin/scvcli set postgres-admin postgres postgres-password
----

> .Reference the encrypted credentials stored in the Secure Credentials Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Reference the encrypted credentials stored in the secure credentials vault:
```
